📝 Update docs http response status (#34)
C0D1UM/technical-standard: django/viewsets/README.md

# Good
from rest_framework import status
class UserViewSet(views.APIView):
    def post(self, request):
        return Response(data={}, status=status.HTTP_201_CREATED)

# Bad
class UserViewSet(views.APIView):
    def post(self, request):
        return Response(data={}, status=201)

```

> > If you want to use status 200 it not necessary to write because it is status code defaults for the response.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you want to use status 200 (OK), it is not necessary to write because it is the default status code for the response.
```

from rest_framework import status
class UserViewSet(views.APIView):
    def get(self, request):

>         return Response(data={}) # Defaults to 200

Reviewer: Maybe more explanation na? Like default status is 200 or something.

Reviewer 2: What's the point krub?  This example is show how to proper use the status code.

Reviewer: Oh, so maybe we might need to show another status as an example, and tell that there is no need to put 200 there since it is a default krub?

Author: I will try krub.
